SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer and, in short, it's the standard technology for keeping an 
internet connection secure and safeguarding any sensitive data that is being sent 
between two systems, preventing criminals from reading and modifying any information transferred, including potential personal details.

A Certificate Authority (CA) is an entity that is trusted to sign an SSL certificate. Certificate Authorities are responsible for 
verification, approval, and revocation of SSL Certificates. CAs adhere to the latest encryption standards and security protocols.
Browsers and applications such as Chrome, Opera, Mozilla, Microsoft, Android and many others, are the entities that
define the official rules and guidelines for Certificate Authorities. 
All browsers store the information about the trusted CAs (root store) in their installation pack.

TCP/IP stands for Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol, which is a set of networking protocols 
that allows two or more computers to communicate.
TCP divides a message or file into packets that are transmitted over the internet and then reassembled when they reach their destination.
IP is responsible for the address of each packet so that it gets to the correct destination.

HTTP means HyperText Transfer Protocol. HTTP is the underlying protocol used by the World Wide Web and this protocol defines 
how messages are formatted and transmitted, and what actions Web servers and browsers should take in response to various commands.

There is a trade off the C designers have made. That's to say, they made the decision to put speed above safety. C won't:
-Check array index bound
-Check for uninitialized variable values
-Check for memory leaks
-Check for null pointer dereference.

A Linked List is a linear collection of data elements, called nodes, each pointing to the next node by means of a pointer. 
It is a data structure consisting of a group of nodes which together represent a sequence.

Singly-linked list: linked list in which each node points to the next node and the last node points to null.

Doubly-linked list: linked list in which each node has two pointers, p and n, such that p points to the 
previous node and n points to the next node; the last node's n pointer points to null.

Circular-linked list: linked list in which each node points to the next node and the last node points back to the first node.

A Stack is a collection of elements, with two principle operations: push, which adds to the collection, and pop, which 
removes the most recently added element.
Last in, first out data structure (LIFO): the most recently added object is the first to be removed.

A Queue is a collection of elements, supporting two principle operations: enqueue, which inserts an element into the queue, 
and dequeue, which removes an element from the queue.
First in, first out data structure (FIFO): the oldest added object is the first to be removed.

In computer science, a tree is a widely used abstract data type (ADT)—or data structure implementing this ADT—that simulates 
a hierarchical tree structure, with a root value and subtrees of children with a parent node, represented 
as a set of linked nodes.

A Binary Tree is a type of data structure in which each node has at most two children (left child and right child). Binary 
trees are used to implement binary search trees and binary heaps, and are used for efficient searching and sorting.

Hashing is used to map data of an arbitrary size to data of a fixed size. The values returned by a hash function are called 
hash values, hash codes, or simply hashes. If two keys map to the same value, a collision occurs
